1) Create a parent class named Animal.

    The parent class should have methods like speak() (which returns a general message) and is_alive() (which returns True).

    Create two child classes, Dog and Cat, each inheriting from Animal.

    The Dog class should have a constructor that takes a dog's name and a method fetch() that returns a string indicating the dog is fetching a ball.

    The Cat class should have a constructor that takes a cat's name and a method climb() that returns a string about the cat climbing a tree.

    Both Dog and Cat should override the speak() method with animal-specific sounds.

2) create class Human which has following instance variable & methods 
    instance variables 
        Name, gender 
    Methods 
        read()
        write()
    create class Machine which has following instance variable & methods 
    instance variables 
        Make, model  
    Methods 
        work()
        capacity()

    create class Humaniod which will inherit Human and machine class and it has following instance variable & methods 
    instance variables 
        description   
    Methods 
        whatICanDo() 

Method Overidding
-------------------

create class circle which has constructor and method getArea which return area of circle

create class sphere  which extends circle and it also has constructor and method getArea which return area of sphere

Data Hiding / private method 
------------------------------
class Student which has private variables like 
    maths, science, history and 
    has methods like updateMath, updateScience, updateHistory all these 3 method has marks as argument and it should set marks of corresonding  subject (mark should not less then 0 and above 100). also this class has display method which will display all subject marks with labels. just try to change private value outside class notice marks will updated.


modules 
---------------------
convert kg to pound
convert pound to kg 

convert Liter cooking oil to KG
convert KG to 1 Liter cooking oil 
https://www.inchcalculator.com/convert/liter-to-kilogram/

create all functions into one file named as converter.py and call it from another python file 

scope of variable
-------------------------
create global variable salary and store 5000 in it. 
create method incrementSalary(value) 
it should increase global salary by given value (value will be given user )
display salary variable before calling incrementSalary method
display salary variable after calling incrementSalary method


maths.related functions
------------------------------------------
1) findout factorial of given number. number must be positive number 
    use math module' s fabs & factorial function 

2) findout rupee value of given dollar value (float). convert given dollar to round value using ceil function. 

Random module 

Roll a Dice
Write a program that prints a random number between 1 and 6 (like rolling a dice).

Lucky Number
Ask the user for their name and print a “lucky number” between 1 and 100.


Random Choice
Make a list of fruits (like ["apple", "banana", "mango", "orange"]) and print one fruit randomly.

Coin Toss
Write a program that randomly prints "Heads" or "Tails".


String module exercise 
-------------------------------

All Alphabets
Print all lowercase letters using string.ascii_lowercase.

Password Generator
Create a program that generates a random 6-character password using letters and digits.

Count Vowels
Ask the user to enter a word and count how many vowels (a, e, i, o, u) are in it.

String Mix
Take two words (like "cat" and "dog") and join them together in reverse order.

package
---------------------
    create package world which has 3 sub package 
        Europe
            has file country.py
            should have method getCountries
                which returns  name of all countries in europe as list in ascending order 
        Asia 
            has file country.py
            should have method getCountries
                which returns  name of all countries in asia as list in ascending order 
        Australia
            has file country.py
            should have method getCountries
                which returns  name of all countries in asia as list in ascending order 

packagedemo.py 
    import all sub-package's module from world package along with alias name 
    you call method getCountries from each country.py file of different sub-package & display countries 


file management 
--------------------
1) create a file festivals.txt and write down 10 indian festivals name in it 

write a program to read file festivals.txt using file.read function 
write a program to read file festivals.txt using line by line 

2) create a file birdthdates.txt and write down name birth dates  of your 5 friends.

write a program to read file birdthdates.txt using file.read function 
write a program to read file birdthdates.txt using line by line 

